fix: serialize Edm.Decimal as number within safe range (#4020)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: .changeset/wise-dodos-pump.md

---
'@sap-cloud-sdk/odata-common': patch
'@sap-cloud-sdk/odata-v4': patch
---

> [Fixed Issue] Serialize Edm.Decimal as number within safe range.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Fixed Issue] Serialize properties of type "Edm.Decimal" to numbers when they are within the safe range and strings when they are not. 
```
